                                                      STREAMLIT BASICS


- It is the fastest way to build and share data applications.

- StreamLit Installation:
   Step1: Install streamlit.
   Step2: Type the following command in the command prompt.
            pip install streamlit
   Once Streamlit is installed successfully, run the given python code and
   if you do not get an error, then streamlit is successfully installed and you can now work with streamlit.

- Command to run StreamLit file:
   streamlit run filename.py

- Streamlit has two easy ways to display information into your app, 
  which should typically be the first thing you try: st.write and magic.

- Text Elements: 
  Streamlit apps usually start with a call to st.title to set the app's title. 
  After that, there are 2 heading levels you can use: st.header and st.subheader.
  Pure text is entered with st.text, and Markdown with st.markdown.
  There is also a command, st.write, which accepts multiple arguments,and multiple data types.You can also use magic commands in place of st.write.
   
- Data display elements:
  You can display data via charts, and you can display it in raw form. 
  These are the Streamlit commands you can use to display raw data.
   st.dataframe,st.table,st.metric,st.json.

- Chart elements:
  Streamlit supports several different charting libraries, and our goal is to continually add support for more.
  The most basic library in our arsenal is Matplotlib. 
  Then there are also interactive charting libraries like Vega Lite (2D charts) and deck.gl (maps and 3D charts).
  And finally we also provide a few chart types that are "native" to Streamlit, like st.line_chart and st.area_chart.

- Input widgets:
   With widgets, Streamlit allows you to bake interactivity directly into your apps with buttons, sliders, text inputs, and more. 
   st.button
   st.download_button
   st.checkbox
   st.radio
   st.selectbox
   st.multiselect
   st.slider
   st.select_slider
   st.text_input
   st.number_input
   st.text_area
   st.date_input
   st.time_input
   st.file_uploader
   st.color_picker
-Media elements:
    It's easy to embed images, videos, and audio files directly into your Streamlit apps.
    st.image
    st.audio
    st.video
- Layouts and containers:
  st.sidebar
  st.columns
  st.expander
  st.container
  st.empty
- Status elements:
  st.progress
  st.spinner
  st.balloons
  st.error
  st.warning
  st.info
  st.success
  st.exception
- Control Flow:
  commands:
   st.stop,st.form,st.form_submit_button


